#labels Phase-Design
= What are missing links? = 

Missing links are files or elements in files that are referred to, but is not part of a production. They emerge when:
 * using an absolute path in the production.
 * refer to files what are not part of the production.
 * rename or move or delete a file without the usage of re-factoring
 * rename, delete an element without the usage of re-factoring

= Solving missing links =

It should be possible to help you solving missing links. When solving you have to make a choice. the application will help you make the choice.

== Solve blend to blend missing link ==
When a blend file refers to another blend file it has more information inside to detect what blend file is possible to refer to.
EG. blend file A uses blend file B for the elements GRc and MEd.

1. find blend files with the elements GRc and MEd. 
2. find all other blend files.

This list can be large. so a filter is handy It should also be clear which files do match the needed elements and which files do not. matches will be shown first in the list of options

== Solve blend to image missing link ==
When a blend file refers to an image file. we only have a file-name.
The selection of possible options will be ordered by what is best expected

1. find files with the same file-name but on a different location
2. find files with the same extension
3. find all other image files.

This list can be large. so a filter is handy

= Re-factoring = 
When a file has been selected the re-factoring process will be started.